Info about batch in docs (#1357)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-client.mdx

### Room.batch

Batches modifications made during the given function. All the modifications are

> sent to other clients in a single message. All the subscribers are called only

Reviewer: Suggestion to make it extra clear?

```suggestion
grouped together so other clients receive the changes as a single message. All the subscribers are called only
```

Author: Good suggestion!
